# excel-challenge

Using the Excel workbook, modify and analyze the sample-project data and try to uncover market trends.
* Use conditional formatting to fill each cell in the outcome column with a different color, depending on whether the associated campaign was successful, failed, canceled, or is currently live.
  - Create a new column called Percent Funded that uses a formula to find how much money a campaign made relative to its initial funding goal.
* Use conditional formatting to fill each cell in the Percent Funded column according to a three-color scale. The scale should start at 0 with a dark shade of red, and it should transition to green at 100 and blue at 200.
  - Create a new column called Average Donation that uses a formula to find how much each project backer paid on average.
  - Create two new columns, one called Parent Category and another called Sub-Category, that use formulas to split the Category and Sub-Category column into the two new, separate columns.
  - Create a new sheet with a pivot table that analyzes your initial worksheet to count how many campaigns were successful, failed, canceled, or are currently live per category.
* Create a stacked-column pivot chart that can be filtered by country based on the table that you created.
* Create a new sheet with a pivot table that analyzes your initial sheet to count how many campaigns were successful, failed, or canceled, or are currently live per sub-category.
* Create a stacked-column pivot chart that can be filtered by country and parent category based on the table that you created.
* The dates in the deadline and launched_at columns use Unix timestamps. Fortunately for us, this formulaLinks to an external site. that can be used to convert these timestamps to a normal date.
  - Create a new column named Date Created Conversion to convert the data contained in launched_at into Excel's date format.
  - Create a new column named Date Ended Conversion to convert the data contained in deadline into Excel's date format.
 
***Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.***
